Added Warning for CMv2 Update Number (#138)
metaplex-foundation/docs: docs/candy-machine-v2/09-update.md

---
# Update the Candy Machine

> **Any** configuration setting (besides `number`) can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command.

Author: Definitely better lol. Are you able to request the change with the review thing?

> **Any** configuration setting (besides `number`) can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command.

Reviewer: Probably. I don't know how to Github. Wen Azure DevOps?

> **Any** configuration setting (besides `number`) can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command.

Reviewer: Let me try.

> **Any** configuration setting (besides `number`) can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Any** configuration setting, with the exception of `number`, can be updated in a `CMv2` with a single command.
```

Reviewer: ooooo

> **Any** configuration setting (besides `number`) can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command.

Author: > **Any** configuration setting, with the exception of `number`, can be updated in the `CMv2` with a single command. Can I edit this?
> 
> Sammy is the best

Thanks will!
